docs(integration): add UTC timezone prerequisite for IIS, F5 and Windows (#2968)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/integration/categories/applicative/microsoft_iis.md

### Activate log in Microsoft IIS

!!! warning "Important prerequisite regarding timezones"

>     Log files generated by Microsoft IIS do not contain timezone information. To avoid time offset issues when events are parsed by Sekoia.io (e.g. events appearing to happen in the future), you *must* configure your Windows server's timezone to **UTC**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid time offset issues when events are parsed by Sekoia.io (e.g. events appearing to happen in the future), you *must* configure your server's timezone to **UTC**. 
You can find more information in the [Sekoia timezone requirements document](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/FAQ/datetime/).
```

>     You can easily set the system timezone to UTC using the following PowerShell command as Administrator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     ```powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Set-TimeZone -Name "UTC"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
